New Sample: Identify raster cell (#512)
Esri/arcgis-runtime-samples-java: raster/identify-raster-cell/README.md

# Identify raster cell

> Get the cell value of a local raster at the clicked location and display the result in a callout.

Reviewer: was this what was finally agreed upon in the design? we don't usually put UI interactions in here such as "at the clicked location", since this is more a description of how to use the sample (and the main way to use the sample is to hover with the mouse anyway). How about just 
```suggestion
Get the cell value of a local raster and display the result in a callout.
```

![Image of identify raster cell](IdentifyRasterCell.png)

## Use case

You may want to identify a raster layer to get its exact cell value in the case the approximate value conveyed by its symbology is not sufficient. The information available for the raster cell depends on the type of raster layer being identified. For example, a 3-band satellite or aerial image might provide 8-bit RGB values, whereas a digital elevation model (DEM) would provide floating point z values. By identifying a raster cell of a DEM, you can retrieve the precise elevation of a location.

## How to use the sample

> Move the mouse pointer over an area of the raster to identify the raster cell at that location, it and see the cell attributes information displayed in a callout. You can click the prmary mouse button to lock the callout in place, and click again to release the callout and resume identifying on-the-fly.

Reviewer: some missing words here, I've put it back together along with fixing a wee typo. 
```suggestion
Move the mouse pointer over an area of the raster to identify the raster cell at that location. The raster cell attribute information will display in a callout. You can click the primary mouse button to lock the callout in place, and click again to release the callout and resume identifying on-the-fly.
```

Author: Thanks for catching this!

## How it works

1. Add a listener to the `MapView` to capture mouse clicks.
2. On click:
  * Dismiss the `Callout`, if one is showing.

>   * Call `identifyLayerAsync(...)` passing in the layer, screen point, tolerance, whether to return popups only, and maximum number of results.

Reviewer: kinda think we should specify it's a raster layer here
```suggestion
  * Call `identifyLayerAsync(...)` passing in the raster layer, screen point, tolerance, whether to return popups only, and maximum number of results.
```

  * Await the result of the identify and then get the `GeoElement` from the layer result.
  * Create a callout at the calculated map point and populate the callout content with text from the `RasterCell` attributes. 
  * Show the callout.

## Relevant API

* IdentifyLayerResult
* RasterCell
* RasterLayer

## About the data

> The data shown is an NDVI classification derived from MODIS imagery between 27 Apr 2020 and 4 May 2020. It comes from the [NASA Worldview application](https://worldview.earthdata.nasa.gov/). In a normalized difference vegetation index, or [NDVI](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Normalized_difference_vegetation_index), values range between -1 and +1 with the positive end of the spectrum showing green vegetation.

Reviewer: I've noticed that none of the data goes below 0.0 in the sample, and with the description as is, I'd be expecting the data to show values between -1 and +1. It seems the description is a generalisation, but I think it would be good to tweak it slightly to more accurately reflect the values in the sample. However I noticed the imagery/data we're using is described as EVI (Enhanced Vegetation Index) in its file name (not as NDVI). I can't remember who authored the data here but it would be worth to double check with them as we may need to change the description to EVI. 

I think a better description could be the following since it matches the data value ranges shown and isn't a general description (taken from https://www.sentinel-hub.com/eoproducts/ndvi-normalized-difference-vegetation-index), though this is assumes it is NDVI rather than EVI:

"Low, positive values represent shrub and grassland (approximately 0.2 to 0.4), while high values indicate temperate and tropical rainforests (values approaching 1)."

Author: @TADraeseke I think you added this data? Any thoughts on Rachaels suggestions?

Reviewer 2: Hi @Rachael-E @JonLavi - Yes, I authored the data and struggled to get it to the normalized -1 to 1. My plan is to update the data at some point soon and push up the new data to the existing item on AGOL.

So I'd recommend proceeding as is for now, as the data will be corrected soon entirely on the back end :)

Author: Thanks @TADraeske! We'll leave it as is for now then.
